1)tell me about ur self and roles and resonsibilities
2) git clone and git pull
3)how to use third party plugins in jenkins 
4) load balancers in AWS and types
5)jenkins features 
master node, worker node, plugins, different stages, different pipeline for different environment: 1st two stages are same, only  deploy stage will change  or  using when blocl , if master : prod ; develop : QA ; feature : development
6)etcd 
7)kubectls 
8)deaonset
9. k8s services
10.vpc peering
11. SNS
12. how to check the memory usage in linux 
13. simple image service : amazon S3 ; used to store ur images.
14. ECS and EKs  : did not use : cost : k8s can integrate with any cloud providers.
15.how to take the docker image into the AWS : ECR 
16.jekins process 
17. we three working container and how to login one container 
18. doker compose : we write one yaml file for all docker componenets like volume, network, container etc, and run one command docker compose up.
19. docker swarm : no autoscaling, no GUI, easy installation: but cluster is not very strong.
20. how to terminate the running process : docker stop containerID
21.kubeadm, minikube 
22. storage classes of s3 buscket
23. git stash 
24.git rebase
25. .gitignore
26. expalin the jenkins pipeline block
27. how to deploy the new features with Zero down time 
28. RDS data base
29. diffrence between docker and k8s 
30. how to migrate a one instance form one region to another region : Copy AMI to another region and launch insatcne using the AMI.
40. what is the key pair linux;  ans: the private key is used for authentication, while the public key is used for encryption.
41. how to connect with one server to another server 
42. how to deploy static ip in load balancer : Once u create load balancer, go to the DNS of load balancer -> select static IP address type. Now both DNS and static IP will be displayed.
43. how to create a shortcuts in linux  softlinks
44. have you work with any other clouds 
45. dockerfile 
46. how to create a container in k8s with docker image 
47. aws registry : it means ECR
48. how to list the aws s3 buckets : aws s3 ls 
49. on demand instance and spot instance
50. r u holding any certificates WRT AWS etc.. AWS Certified DevOps Engineer – Professional
51.  in linux expalin  break and continue command . continue eg : used in for and while loop. Eg: skip even number, skip specific extension file type. If [ $file -eq.exe ] ; then continue 
52. how to you pass the environmental variables in linux scripting 
53. what all are pipelines used in jenkins  
54. what is domain and host machine
In the context of computing, a domain typically refers to a group of computers and devices that are connected to each other and share a common namespace. 
A host machine is a single computer or device that is connected to a network and is capable of serving resources to other devices on the network
